[OSDOCS#18862]: Added conditions for TNF in backup and restore (#109960)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/backup-etcd.adoc

[id="backing-up-etcd-data_{context}"]
= Backing up etcd data

[role="_abstract"]
Follow these steps to back up etcd data by creating an etcd snapshot and backing up the resources for the static pods. This backup can be saved and used at a later time if you need to restore etcd.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Only save a backup from a single control plane host. Do not take a backup from each control plane host in the cluster.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> For a 2-node cluster with fencing (TNF) setup, execute the steps to back up etcd data only on one node in the cluster. The cluster restore process is driven by data from a single node; therefore, it is sufficient to perform the etcd backup steps on only one node.

Reviewer: The product name is "Two-Node with Fencing". I don't think we should use the generic "2-node" here

> For a 2-node cluster with fencing (TNF) setup, execute the steps to back up etcd data only on one node in the cluster. The cluster restore process is driven by data from a single node; therefore, it is sufficient to perform the etcd backup steps on only one node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a Two-Node with Fencing (TNF) setup, follow the steps to back up etcd data on only one node in the cluster. The cluster restore process is driven by data from a single node, so you can perform the etcd backup steps on only one node.
```
correct the product name; sentence structure is not minimal so made a couple of suggestions there

snapshot db and kube resources are successfully saved to /home/core/assets/backup
----
+

> In this example, 2 files are created in the `/home/core/assets/backup/` directory on the control plane host:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, two files are created in the `/home/core/assets/backup/` directory on the control plane host:
```
orig is fine, especially if the content in this section uses AP Style numbering (looks like it does)
